Pardon me?
OK
Everyone says that Xiao Jiang is always polite to everyone and everything
But I won't give you a birthday present today.
And you're leaving without even looking at it?
That's what the temporary aunt taught you
It's good to open it and take a look before leaving.
I just tried it on him
Thank you for your business
I'll open it and take a look.
Forest shark says you've loved dolls since you were a child
This thing
No one knows but him, right?
You still don't believe me
God, the boss actually likes dolls
Is this all I can know?
What else do you know?
He also said that you like to make up and change clothes for his mother
Okay.
Anything else?
And you.
I saw it as a child
The skinny little animals will be brought home
That's why I found the slimming base
Xiao Jiang has really been kind from childhood to adulthood
Miss Chen Lin has flattered you.
So he's going to tell you this
I'm going to save you.
Shishi will definitely praise me
It's the kitten stuck in the flowers.
I see him pitifully
It took a lot of effort to get it out
Your eroticism is really not just academic excellence
The experience is so kind
Do you think they look like Shishi?
If only I could be like a doll all the time
Just looking at me alone
How nice would that be?
But
The truth is willing to fund me with someone who has nothing to do with me
It's purely out of kindness
If he finds out the filth in my heart
He will never want me again